c:\users\bilgisayar_hd150\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Kutuphane\Kutuphane\bin\Debug\Kutuphane.exe.config
c:\users\bilgisayar_hd150\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Kutuphane\Kutuphane\bin\Debug\Kutuphane.exe
c:\users\bilgisayar_hd150\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Kutuphane\Kutuphane\bin\Debug\Kutuphane.pdb
c:\users\bilgisayar_hd150\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Kutuphane\Kutuphane\obj\Debug\Kutuphane.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\bilgisayar_hd150\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Kutuphane\Kutuphane\obj\Debug\Kutuphane.AnaEkran.resources
c:\users\bilgisayar_hd150\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Kutuphane\Kutuphane\obj\Debug\Kutuphane.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\bilgisayar_hd150\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Kutuphane\Kutuphane\obj\Debug\Kutuphane.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\bilgisayar_hd150\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Kutuphane\Kutuphane\obj\Debug\Kutuphane.exe
c:\users\bilgisayar_hd150\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Kutuphane\Kutuphane\obj\Debug\Kutuphane.pdb
c:\users\bilgisayar_hd150\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Kutuphane\Kutuphane\obj\Debug\Kutuphane.KitapEkle.resources
c:\users\bilgisayar_hd150\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Kutuphane\Kutuphane\obj\Debug\Kutuphane.KitapDuzenle.resources
C:\Users\Fujitsu\Desktop\Ders\SALI-GÖRSEL PORGLAMA\Kutuphane\Kutuphane\Kutuphane\bin\Debug\Kutuphane.exe.config
C:\Users\Fujitsu\Desktop\Ders\SALI-GÖRSEL PORGLAMA\Kutuphane\Kutuphane\Kutuphane\bin\Debug\Kutuphane.exe
C:\Users\Fujitsu\Desktop\Ders\SALI-GÖRSEL PORGLAMA\Kutuphane\Kutuphane\Kutuphane\bin\Debug\Kutuphane.pdb
C:\Users\Fujitsu\Desktop\Ders\SALI-GÖRSEL PORGLAMA\Kutuphane\Kutuphane\Kutuphane\obj\Debug\Kutuphane.csprojAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Fujitsu\Desktop\Ders\SALI-GÖRSEL PORGLAMA\Kutuphane\Kutuphane\Kutuphane\obj\Debug\Kutuphane.AnaEkran.resources
C:\Users\Fujitsu\Desktop\Ders\SALI-GÖRSEL PORGLAMA\Kutuphane\Kutuphane\Kutuphane\obj\Debug\Kutuphane.KitapDuzenle.resources
C:\Users\Fujitsu\Desktop\Ders\SALI-GÖRSEL PORGLAMA\Kutuphane\Kutuphane\Kutuphane\obj\Debug\Kutuphane.KitapEkle.resources
C:\Users\Fujitsu\Desktop\Ders\SALI-GÖRSEL PORGLAMA\Kutuphane\Kutuphane\Kutuphane\obj\Debug\Kutuphane.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\Fujitsu\Desktop\Ders\SALI-GÖRSEL PORGLAMA\Kutuphane\Kutuphane\Kutuphane\obj\Debug\Kutuphane.csproj.GenerateResource.cache
C:\Users\Fujitsu\Desktop\Ders\SALI-GÖRSEL PORGLAMA\Kutuphane\Kutuphane\Kutuphane\obj\Debug\Kutuphane.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
C:\Users\Fujitsu\Desktop\Ders\SALI-GÖRSEL PORGLAMA\Kutuphane\Kutuphane\Kutuphane\obj\Debug\Kutuphane.exe
C:\Users\Fujitsu\Desktop\Ders\SALI-GÖRSEL PORGLAMA\Kutuphane\Kutuphane\Kutuphane\obj\Debug\Kutuphane.pdb
